翻译场景编辑器和层级管理器 (#1574)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/editor/hierarchy/index.md

# Hierarchy Panel

> The **Hierarchy** panel consists of two main sections, **Toolbar** and **Node List**, which are used to show the relationships between the nodes that are editable in the current scene. There are still some private nodes in the scene that are not visible and will not be displayed here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Hierarchy** panel consists of two main sections, the **Toolbar** and the **Node List**, which are used to show the relationships between the nodes that are editable in the current scene. There are still some private nodes in the scene that are not visible and will not be displayed here.
```

> You can single-select, multi-select, create, copy, move, delete and rename nodes, and any node can create a child node, whose coordinates are relative to the parent node and follow it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can single-select, multi-select, create, copy, move, delete and rename nodes. Any node can create a child node, whose coordinates are relative to the parent node and follow it.
```

![Panel Overview](img/thumb.gif)

- When a node is selected, it is highlighted in yellow on a blue background and its detailed properties are displayed in the **Inspector** panel. Click on the blank area of the panel to **unselect** it.
- Functions in the **Toolbar** include: **New Node(+)**, **Search Type**, **Search Box**, **All Collapse** and **Refresh**.

> - - The **Node list** mainly reflects the hierarchical relationship of nodes, the root node is **Scene**. When editing the Prefab file, its own node is used as the root node. You can add or delete nodes here with right-click menu or drag-and-drop operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- - The **Node list** mainly reflects the hierarchical relationship of nodes, the root node is **Scene**. When editing the Prefab file, its own node is used as the root node. Add or delete nodes is done here with the right-click menu or a drag-and-drop operation.
```

> - The panel supports keyboard shortcuts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The panel supports the following keyboard shortcuts:
```

>     - Copy: Ctrl/Cmd + C

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Copy**: Ctrl/Cmd + C
```

>     - Paste: Ctrl/Cmd + V

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Paste**: Ctrl/Cmd + V
```

>     - Clone: Ctrl/Cmd + D, Ctrl + drag nodes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Clone**: Ctrl/Cmd + D, Ctrl + drag nodes
```

>     - Delete: Delete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Delete**: Delete
```

>     - Select up and down: Up and Down arrows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Select up and down**: Up and Down arrows
```

>     - Collapse nodes: Left arrow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Collapse nodes**: Left arrow
```

>     - Expand nodes: Right arrow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Expand nodes**: Right arrow
```

>     - Multi-select: Ctrl or Cmd + click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Multi-select**: Ctrl or Cmd + click
```

>     - Multi-select: Shift + click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Multi-select**: Shift + click
```

>     - Rename: Enter/F2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Rename**: Enter/F2
```

>     - Cancel input: Esc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Cancel input**: Esc
```

## New Node

Click the **New Node (+)** button in the upper left corner of the panel or right-click directly in the panel to create a node.

![create-node](img/create.png)

When creating a node, an **Input box** will appear asking for the name of the node, which is allowed to be empty and will be named by the default node name if it is empty.

![node-name](img/node-name.png)

> - If no node is selected in the tree list, the new node will be created under the current root node by default (`Scene`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a node is not selected in the tree list, the new node will be created under the current root node by default (`Scene`).
```

Author: No, it means that if no node is currently selected, any new node will be created under the root node by default.

Reviewer: sure, that's what I clarified...

Reviewer: I read this again and we can either keep or revise the english more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there isn't a node selected in the tree list, the new node will be created under the current root node by default (`Scene`).

Author: I think we can keep my translation. It's more straight.

Author: The Chinese version is like: "如果列表中当前没有任何节点被选中，..."

Reviewer: @EricCorleone but it doesn't make sense. We don't talk like this "if no node.."

Author: OK, I'll take your advice.

> - If there are multiple selected nodes, the new node will be created under the first selected node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If there are multiple nodes selected, the new node will be created under the first selected node.
```

### UI nodes

> For a UI node to display properly, any of its parent nodes must have at least one **UITransform** component. So when creating a UI node, if it does not meet the rules, a **Canvas** node will be automatically created as the root of the UI node, as described in [UI Structure Description](../../2d-object/ui-system/index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a UI node to display properly, any of its parent nodes must have at least one **UITransform** component. When creating a UI node, if it does not meet the rules, a **Canvas** node will be automatically created as the root of the UI node, as described in [UI Structure Description](../../2d-object/ui-system/index.md).
```

### Prefab nodes

> For a Prefab node, you can drag a **Prefab** asset from the **Assets** panel directly into the **Hierarchy** panel to generate a Prefab node. Of course, you can also drag a **Prefab** node from the **Hierarchy** panel into the **Assets** panel to generate a Prefab asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a Prefab node, drag a **Prefab** asset from the **Assets** panel directly into the **Hierarchy** panel to generate a Prefab node. Also, dragging a **Prefab** node from the **Hierarchy** panel into the **Assets** panel to generate a Prefab asset.
```

## Search Nodes

Search types include: **Search Name or UUID**, **Search UUID**, **Search Path**, **Search Component Name**, and **Search Asset UUID**.

![search-type](img/search-type.png)

> where **Search Component Name** will search out all nodes in the node list containing the specified component, which can be viewed in the **Inspector** panel, such as **MeshRenderer**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Search Component Name** will search out all nodes in the node list containing the specified component, which can be viewed in the **Inspector** panel, such as **MeshRenderer**.
```

    ![drop](img/drop.png)

- Drag the **moved node** onto the **target placement node**, and the **moved node** will be at the end as a child of the **target placement node**.

    In the following figure, select the Cube node and drag it to the Sphere node. The Sphere node will be highlighted in yellow on a light blue background, indicating that the Cube node will become a child of the Sphere.

    ![drop](img/drop1.png)

- Drag the **moved node** below the **target placement node**, both are **level**.

    As shown below, select the Sphere node and drag it below the Cube node. The Cube node will appear highlighted in yellow and have a blue line below it indicating where the Sphere node will be inserted.

    ![drop](img/drop2.png)

## Rename Nodes

Select a node, then right click and select **Rename** to change the node name, or just use the shortcut keys **Enter** or **F2**. Click elsewhere in the panel or press the shortcut **Esc** to cancel the renaming.

Different nodes can have the same name.

![rename](img/rename.png)

## Other Operations

> The menu that pops up when you right-click on a node also includes the following actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The menu that pops up when right-clicking on a node also includes the following actions.
```

> - **Copy/Paste**: Copy the node to the clipboard, then you can paste it to another location, or open another scene to paste the node you just copied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Copy/Paste**: Copy the node to the clipboard, then you can paste it to another location, or open another scene to paste the node that was just copied.
```
